well let's turn to Gaza now and an
Israeli air strike has killed five
Palestinians in the jabalia refugee camp
among them is the deputy director of
civil defense for Northern Gaza and
several members of his family the agency
is responsible for emergency and Rescue
Services anas Al Sharif was at the scene
of the attack and he sent us this
report a violent Israeli air strike
targeted a house belonging to the morsy
family in the jabalia refugee camp
medical and civil defense teams are
recovering a number of bodies and
injured people from under the
rubble the attack targeted Al Alami an
area near Kamal adwan Hospital the
destruction is extensive currently teams
are conducting search and Recovery
operations inside this building children
are being moved to
safety here we can see civil defense
teams recovering a body as we enter the
destroyed house we see the teams are
still working a girl has just been
rescued the targeted family are
terrified these women and children were
pulled from under the rubble after
Israeli warplanes attacked several
people have been killed or injured this
is a crater caused by the missiles teams
have recovered some bodies but more are
buried under the
debris here civil defense Crews have
found someone alive they're trying to
pull them to safety using their bare
hands they they don't have the proper
equipment to save people who are buried
alive there were six of us including me
and my grandmother where did my son go
and what did we do to deserve this they
keep telling us to go to a safe area but
there's none we didn't do
anything no Rockets were launched from
here and yet we got
attacked why what for where is the Arab
world why can't anyone help
us scenes like this one happen daily
with continuous Israeli Air Raids and
bombing especially at night the
intensity of the attacks means the
bodies are scattered across nearby
areas Israel targets homes Gatherings on
the street and shelters with each strike
people are killed and injured most of
them women and children
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer